1. Confirm button do not work while I make the donation from favorite charaties section. x
2. Confirm button do not work while I make the donation from Featured charaties section. x
3. Search button and spinner should be line up with Select Category and select sub category box. //
(this might be because the current is not listed in their local alpha database). To donate, a charity has to be in both elastic search and mysql db. 


Charities-Favorites Opened-DT
1. Line up the popup box with favorites icon x
2. Write FAVORITES on the top (Inside the popup) x
3. Make the title combination of lower case and upper case (Starting Latter of the words should be upper case) x
4. Make sure popup box get close if we click anywhere outside the popup box. x
5. Once we make the Donation, Title should be display in Upper lower case formate.  x

6. Confirm button do not work while I make the donation from favorite charaties section.(if we try to donate from inside
the popup box) x


Charaties-Begin Search-DT
1. When user start typing the charaties, start suggesting the charaties from the DB. 
2. Gray out the rest of the page beside Search field so search field will be focused. (That is what I see in Jason Design)  x


Charaties Search Result:
Question to Mark?
Do we want to use 2 colum in favorite and top charaties and 3 columns in Charaties search result?
That is what I have seen in Zeplin. 


Mobile design:
1. We need to work on Mobile version of our charaties page. Our logo in off and title is miss-aline, give button is not where we want it. 
2. Line up the popup box with favorites icon x
3. Write FAVORITES on the top (Inside the popup) x
4. Make the title combination of lower case and upper case (Starting Latter of the words should be upper case) x
5. Make sure popup box get close if we click anywhere outside the popup box. x
6. Gray out the rest of the page beside Search field so search field will be focused. (That is what I see in Jason Design) x
7. Show Advnce search as like in Zeplin. 
8. Displaying result should display as like in zeplin.